---
title: Executive Director
---

# Executive Director

### Company Information

Pivotal Software, Inc. has joined forces with enterprise software leaders 
EMC, IBM, HP, Rackspace, SAP, VMware and others to create an independent 
non-profit foundation for the Cloud Foundry Platform-as-a-Service (“PaaS”) 
project. The Foundation’s mission is to 
establish and sustain Cloud Foundry as the global industry standard PaaS 
open source technology with a thriving ecosystem; to deliver continuous 
quality, value and innovation to users, operators and providers of Cloud 
Foundry technology; and, to provide a vibrant agile experience for the 
community's contributors that delivers the highest quality cloud-native 
applications and software, at high velocity with global scale.

### Job Description

The Cloud Foundry Foundation is looking for an Executive Director to help 
stand up and manage its Foundation and the growing community of PaaS 
developers and organizations. The Executive Director will report to the 
Foundation’s Board of Directors and serve as the leader, evangelist, and 
fund raiser for the organization.

### Key requirements of the Executive Director include:

Candidates must have demonstrated skills, experience and knowledge 
necessary to provide leadership in implementing and maintaining an Open 
Source community with thousands of developers and over 50 participating 
companies. Candidates should demonstrate strengths in decision making, 
taking accountability for outcomes, and being skillful at serving as the 
primary conduit of communication and information. 

### Key requirements of a candidate include:

+ A history of demonstrated leadership and supervisory skills including 
conflict resolution, excellent planning and organizational skills 

+ Excellent communication skills 

+ Strong financial expertise in accounting, budget planning and financial 
forecasting 

+ Strong expertise in nonprofit administration 

+ Strong negotiation and interpersonal skills, attention to detail and 
accuracy 

+ Strong analytical and problem solving skills 

+ Knowledge of open source software communities, foundations, and 
operations is critical.

### Key responsibilities of the Executive Director include:

+ Supporting the Board of Directors in monitoring Foundation governance, 
establishing organizational policies, and ensuring organizational financial 
stability 

+ Engaging and representing the user, developer, and sponsor community on 
behalf of the Foundation and the Board of Directors 

+ Working with the technical teams to ensure project success through 
project management best practices 

+ Building and operationalizing Foundation financial management practices 
including fundraising, budgeting and financial reporting 

+ Managing a team of employees and contractors to deliver against the 
Foundation mission and Board requirements 

+ Evangelizing the Foundation to developers and users at various 
conferences and marketing events to drive participation and growth of the 
community

+ Establishing and guiding an ongoing shared plan and annual priorities to 
achieve the mission and strategic plan of the Board of Directors 

+ Executing other strategies and programs as assigned by the Board of 
Directors

Interested candidates should send a resume [here](mailto:mmaxey@pivotal.io)
for the search committee to review.